Add vignettes folder (#49)
runapp-aus/strayr: vignettes/strayr.Rmd

---
title: "StrayR"
date: "`r Sys.Date()`"
output: rmarkdown::html_vignette
vignette: >
  %\VignetteIndexEntry{StrayR}
  %\VignetteEngine{knitr::rmarkdown}
  %\VignetteEncoding{UTF-8}
---

```{r setup, include = FALSE}
knitr::opts_chunk$set(
  collapse = TRUE,
  comment = "#>"
)
```

## Under Construction

## Using ABS structures

> Loading the package will lazily load the structures listed above. Call
> them with their name:

Reviewer: The structures are no longer "listed above", maybe a link to the reference works?

```suggestion
Loading the package will lazily load a number of structures, a full list is available in the [reference](../reference/index.html)
```

```{r actual-load, include=FALSE}

> # use this to make sure README runs with current build
> # rather than installed version
> devtools::load_all()
> library(dplyr, warn.conflicts = FALSE)

Reviewer: It looks like the problem I was having was related to [this issue in `absmapsdata`](https://github.com/wfmackey/absmapsdata/issues/20) where the new version of tibble requires the `sf` library to be explicitly loaded.

It ran fine for me if I added `library(sf)` to the `actual-load` block.
```suggestion
# use this to make sure README runs with current build
# rather than installed version
devtools::load_all()
library(sf)
library(dplyr, warn.conflicts = FALSE)
```

Reviewer 2: That's a good pick-up, thanks @bryceroney .

Reviewer 3: I'd encountered this same problem knitting the README, remember @wfmackey. Good to know what caused it.

```

```{r fake-load, eval=FALSE}

> library(strayr)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
library(sf)
#> Linking to GEOS 3.9.0, GDAL 3.2.1, PROJ 7.2.1
library(strayr)
```

#> Loading required package: absmapsdata
library(dplyr)
```

```{r glimpse}
glimpse(anzsco)
glimpse(anzsic)
glimpse(asced_foe)
glimpse(asced_qual)
glimpse(sa42016)
glimpse(ced2018)
```

## Converting state names and abbreviations

The `clean_state()` function makes it easy to wrangle vectors of State names and abbreviations - which might be in different forms and possibly
misspelled.

> Let's start with a character vector that includes some misspelled State names,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's start with a character vector that includes some misspelled state names,
```

some correctly spelled state names, as well as some abbreviations both malformed
and correctly formed.

```{r create-string}

> 
> x <- c("western Straya", "w. A ", "new soth wailes", "SA", "tazz", "Victoria",
>        "northn territy")

Reviewer: There's some errant empty lines before some of the examples here that might look tidier if removed (I think they were in the original README)
```suggestion
x <- c("western Straya", "w. A ", "new soth wailes", "SA", "tazz", "Victoria",
       "northn territy")
```

never get false matches, but you will also fail to match misspelled state names 
or malformed abbreviations; you'll get an `NA` if no match can be found.

```{r state-exact}
 clean_state(x, fuzzy_match = FALSE)

```

If your data is in a data frame, `clean_state()` works well within a `dplyr::mutate()` call:

```{r dplyr}

 x_df <- data.frame(state = x, stringsAsFactors = FALSE)

library(dplyr)
 x_df %>% 
   mutate(state_abbr = clean_state(state))
```

## Australian public holidays
This package includes the `auholidays` dataset from the [Australian Public Holidays Dates Machine Readable Dataset](https://data.gov.au/data/dataset/australian-holidays-machine-readable-dataset) as well as a helper function `is_holiday`:

```{r is_holiday_example}
str(auholidays)

is_holiday('2020-01-01')
is_holiday('2019-05-27', jurisdictions = c('ACT', 'TAS'))

h_df <- data.frame(dates = c('2020-01-01', '2020-01-10'))

h_df %>%
  mutate(IsHoliday = is_holiday(dates))
```

## Parsing income ranges

The `parse_income_range` function provides some tools for extracting numbers from income ranges commonly used in Australian data. For example:

```{r}

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Remove blank line
